README.md, before:

# Some small tasks from the [codewars](https://www.codewars.com)
____
[Link](https://www.codewars.com/users/olkhovich) to my account
____
| Kata(taks) name | Codewars link | Solution link |
|--------------------------------------------|:---------------:|:----------------:|
| Your order, please | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55c45be3b2079eccff00010f) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/your_order.py) |
| Split Strings | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/515de9ae9dcfc28eb6000001) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/split_strings.py) |
| Stop gninnipS My sdroW! | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5264d2b162488dc400000001/python) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/stop_spinning_words.py) |
| Create Phone Number | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/525f50e3b73515a6db000b83) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/create_phone_number.py) |
| Convert PascalCase string into snake_case | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/529b418d533b76924600085d) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/convert_case_string.py) |
| Sums of Parts | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5ce399e0047a45001c853c2b/python) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/sums_of_parts.py) |
| Fix string case (C++) | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5b180e9fedaa564a7000009a) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/cpp_tasks/FixStringCase.cpp) |
| Multiples of 3 or 5 (C++) | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/514b92a657cdc65150000006) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/cpp_tasks/MultiplesOf_3_or_5.cpp) |

Commit message:

added moving zeros to the end task

README.md, after:

# Some small tasks from the [codewars](https://www.codewars.com)
____
[Link](https://www.codewars.com/users/olkhovich) to my account
____
| Kata(taks) name | Codewars link | Solution link |
|--------------------------------------------|:---------------:|:----------------:|
| Your order, please | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/55c45be3b2079eccff00010f) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/your_order.py) |
| Split Strings | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/515de9ae9dcfc28eb6000001) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/split_strings.py) |
| Stop gninnipS My sdroW! | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5264d2b162488dc400000001/python) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/stop_spinning_words.py) |
| Moving Zeros To The End | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/52597aa56021e91c93000cb0/python) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/your_order.py) |
| Create Phone Number | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/525f50e3b73515a6db000b83) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/moving_zeros_to_the_end.py) |
| Convert PascalCase string into snake_case | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/529b418d533b76924600085d) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/convert_case_string.py) |
| Sums of Parts | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5ce399e0047a45001c853c2b/python) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/python_tasks/sums_of_parts.py) |
| Fix string case (C++) | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/5b180e9fedaa564a7000009a) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/cpp_tasks/FixStringCase.cpp) |
| Multiples of 3 or 5 (C++) | [click](https://www.codewars.com/kata/514b92a657cdc65150000006) | [click](https://github.com/olkhovichs/Codewars/blob/main/cpp_tasks/MultiplesOf_3_or_5.cpp) |
